Specs:

Test 1-
    Input a single letter as the string and the same letter as the search.
    Output that the letter appears in the string once.

    This is the most simple test for searching a string.

        ex: search for "a" in the string "a" -> count = 1

Test 2-
    Input a single letter as the string and a different letter as the search.
    Output that the letter does not appear in the string.

    The next step is to make sure the opposite of test 1 is true.

        ex: search for "b" in the string "a" -> count = 0

Test 3-
    Input a single word as the string and the same word as the search.
    Output that the word appears in the string once.

    After a single letter search becomes true, a single word search is the next simplest step.

        ex: search for "the" in the string "the" -> count = 1

Test 4-
    Input a single letter twice as the string and the same letter as the search.
    Output that the letter appears in the string twice.

    So far the count has only reached 1, now this test will check multiple instances of
    a single letter and count them up.

        ex: search for "b" in the string "b" -> count = 2

Test 5-
    Input a single word twice as the string and the same word as the search.
    Output that the word appears in the string twice.

    Following my logic from above, this test needs to check multiple instances of the same
    word.

        ex: search for "and" in the string "and" -> count = 2

Test 6-
    Input a sentence as the string and a word in that sentence as the search.
    Output that the word appears in the string once.

    Apart from test 2, the string inputs have only contained the search words. It's time
    to expand and have the search go through a string of many different words.

        ex: search for "a" in the string "What a wonderful day" -> count = 1

Test 7-
    Input a sentence as the string and a single letter in a word in the sentence,
    but not a single word as the search.
    Output that the letter does not appear in the string.

    I don't want a single letter search parameter to count each time that letter is in the string,
    only when that letter is its own word.

        ex: search for "o" in the string "Hello World" -> count = 0

Test 8-
    Input a sentence with commas, periods, and other grammar, as the string and a single word as the search.
    Output that the word does appear in the string.

    Most people use grammar when writing. This test makes sure that grammar isn't stopping the app from working
    by taking the most simple single punctuation mark inside the input string.

        ex: search for "hey" in the string "hey, how are you" -> count = 1

Test 9-
    Input a sentence with Capitals as the string and a single word as the search.
    Output that the word does appear in the string.

    Capitals are also present in most writing. This test accounts for simple capitalization inside the input.

        ex: search for "Welcome to Georgia, Fred." in the string "fred" -> count = 1
